Return HTTP 400 and a graphql error when registering an APQ operation with the wrong hash (#3128)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_chirp_smoker_scout_carrier.md

> ### Return HTTP 400 and a graphql error when registering an APQ operation with the wrong hash ([Issue #2948](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2948))
> 
> Previously, when a client tried to persist a query with the wrong hash, we would log an error, and execute the query (without inserting the query into the APQ cache).
> We now return a GraphQL error and don't execute the query.
> 
> This change reflects the gateway's behavior.
> 
> By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0Ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3128

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### An APQ query with a mismatched hash will error as HTTP 400 ([Issue #2948](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2948))

We now model the both the behavior of the Gateway and the intended behavior of [the implementation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/performance/apq/).  Even if our previous behavior was still acceptable, any other behavior is a misconfiguration of a client and should be prevented early.

Previously, if a client sent an operation with an APQ hash, we would merely log an error to the console, **not** register the operation (for the next request) but still execute the query.  We now return a GraphQL error and don't execute the query.  No clients should be impacted by this, though anyone who had hand-crafted a query **with** APQ information (for example, copied a previous APQ-registration query but only changed the operation without re-calculating the SHA-256) might now be forced to use the correct hash (or more practically, remove the hash).

By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0Ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/3128
```
